WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN STATE AND PROPS?
    In react there are two types of components; there are stateless components which will not include state (do not need
    to access the state) and then, there are components that need to access the state. Stateless components are kind of like 'dumb components' 
    they really have one purpose, one input and output, and nothing should ever change in that component whereas State 
    components are components that contain state.There will be constant change and iterations over the component everytime 
    something changes within the state and what by that means is every component that has a state in react has its own state. 
    State is local to the component, though it can be passed  downwards through other components to something  called props.
    Example if we think about a to-do list whether it's an input form and you can fill out your name and there's a bunch
    of names down below. Everytime a user input  their names the state changes, something is added that is different
    to  the list. There will be different names and each one of those are a different instance of the state in the component.
    Basically to know when  to use a state think of it everytime anything that is changed or modified in your application
    think to use state. State can be passed to other components as mentioned through props. Props are how components
    talk to one another, so for example: state can be  passed to other components through props, we can pass props though
    react using different attributes and access these attributes in other components using this props, whatever the attribute is.
    The benefit of it is your state might have to access different state the same state in different places thoughout
     your application. You should remember the name input app we were talking about say you wanted a user to be able 
     to put their name in a  list of names and then  down below or on a different page you wanted that  another page or
    another component to display the current name  of the user saying 'hello' or whatever the name maybe is and to
    do that you would need  to access the state from component one in component two. The way to do that though props.
    


